[4830][4710][ADD] stock_picking_actual_date (#44)
qrtl/thc-oca: stock_picking_actual_date/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds an actual date to stock picking, stock move, and stock move line. If a picking does not specify an actual date, the stock move's actual date will be computed based on the 'Effective Date'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds an Actual Date field to the stock picking, stock move, and stock move line models. This field allows users to record the actual date on which a stock transfer took place, in case the transaction in Odoo is processed after the fact.
```

This module adds an actual date to both stock pickings and stock moves. The actual date from the picking is propagated to its corresponding stock move. If a picking doesn't specify an actual date, the stock move's actual date (which is a date field) will be computed based on the 'Effective Date' (a datetime field) and adjusted according to the active company’s partner timezone. If no company's partner timezone is defined, the current user's timezone will be used.

> To ensure accurate timezone conversions, the partner_tz module (https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/16.0/partner_tz) should be installed, allowing timezones to be set for each partner. This ensures that the actual_date is correctly adjusted based on the company's partner timezone.

Reviewer: This should be put in CONFIGURE.rst with proper context. The current description is still out of context.

If a picking doesn't specify an actual date, the stock move's actual date
will be set to the 'Effective Date'. This value is then passed to the SVL's journal entry
accounting date.

> The partner_tz module(https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/16.0/partner_tz) should be installed, if necessary, to adjust the timezone for each partner.

Reviewer: This explanation is out of context. The point of installing the module is to facilitate the tz assignment to companies' partners. The README should also explain the implication of the action.
